Let's go back to the ERC-721 standard description and copy the interface definition.
Now let's make a new file in our smart contract's directory in
the contrast folder for the ERC721 interface that we just copied.
We won't bother with the ERC165 requirement,
so go ahead and delete any reference to that.
Now, let's make another contract for ERC721 token implementation.
We're also immediately going to make a test file for it in
the test directory called ERC721TokenTest.js.
I am going to split my screens that we have the interface in
one side and our implementation of it on the other side.
Now let's get started with implementing our ERC721 token contracts.
Just like before, we'll need to specify the version of solidity that we'll be using.
We can use the heritance and say that this contract is an ERC721 that we've made before.
We'll need to import our ERC721 interface to make this work.
Now we can start implementing the interface requirements.
These are event types and they are already fully defined.
All of these other functions however,
we'll need to implement.
Let's go ahead and copy them over to our implementation contract.
We need to convert these interface function definitions into real functions.
We can do that by replacing the semicolons at the end of functions with curly braces.
For functions with the return type,
we'll return a default value to get our contracts to compile.
That way we'll unblock tree tests.
Notice that none of these functions take the logic for how to create new tokens.
So that's up to us.
Let's make a main function that will enable us to make new tokens.
For our main function,
we'll take a token ID which is an unsigned integer.
All a token is really is reference of ownership.
The way we can do that here is to make a mapping,
which is essentially a key value store to keep track of what address owns a token ID.
We'll also make a mapping to hold the balance for each owner address.
In solidity, the default value for everything is zero.
So, to check that no one else owns the token ID for this given passing time int function,
we'll require that the owner for that token is address zero.
To assign ownership of a token ID to user,
all we have to do is update our token to owner mapping.
To update the user's balance,
we have to update the owner to balance mapping.
Let's also implement the balance of method.
This method simply gives the balance or
the amount of tokens for a given address or wallet.
To get this information,
we simply use our owner to balance mapping to get the balance given the owners address.
Similarly, the owner of method gives the address of the owner of the given token ID,
which we can get by using the token to owner mapping.
Let's look over the three methods that we have
implemented so far to make sure they look good.
Asking balance of address zero doesn't actually make
sense since all default values and solidity are zero.
So, let's require that the address passed in is not that.
Now let's make sure we adhere to the standards so far.
We need to make sure that we emit the transfer event whenever we transfer a token.
Since by emitting a token,
we're transferring the ownership from the default
address zero to the new owner's address,
we should emit the transfer event on mint.
Alright, we're ready to write some tests.